#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.7
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via taskcluster
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via taskcluster-taskgraph
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   taskcluster
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via aiohttp
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
chardet==5.1.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.6
    # via cookiecutter
cookiecutter==2.2.3
    # via taskcluster-taskgraph
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
giturlparse==0.10.0
    # via mozilla-repo-urls
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via
    #   attrs
    #   click
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via cookiecutter
json-e==4.5.2
    # via taskcluster-taskgraph
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via taskcluster
mozilla-repo-urls==0.1.1
    # via taskcluster-taskgraph
mozilla-taskgraph @ git+https://github.com/mozilla-releng/mozilla-taskgraph@refs/pull/19/head
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   taskcluster
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via cookiecutter
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cookiecutter
    #   taskcluster-taskgraph
redo==2.0.4
    # via taskcluster-taskgraph
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   requests-unixsocket
    #   taskcluster
    #   taskcluster-taskgraph
requests-unixsocket==0.3.0
    # via taskcluster-taskgraph
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   mohawk
    #   python-dateutil
slugid==2.0.0
    # via
    #   taskcluster
    #   taskcluster-taskgraph
taskcluster==54.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
taskcluster-taskgraph==5.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mozilla-taskgraph
taskcluster-urls==13.0.1
    # via
    #   taskcluster
    #   taskcluster-taskgraph
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   arrow
    #   async-timeout
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   yarl
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
voluptuous==0.13.1
    # via taskcluster-taskgraph
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
